A controller actuates the vehicle to follow
the reference trajectory within a set of design requirements.
One important requirement is to minimize the area between
the reference trajectory and the vehicle's actual path.
You can minimize this error by predicting the vehicle's actual path and then adjusting
the control inputs to minimize the difference between
that prediction and the reference trajectory.
That's how to use a kinematic model to predict the vehicle's future state.
Next, you'll define the predicted area between
the trajectory and that predicted path of the vehicle.
Once you've predicted the error you can actuate
with the vehicle to minimize the error over time.